dev-lang/python:2.7         readline sqlite
dev-libs/boost              python
dev-python/cvxopt           glpk
dev-python/cython	    -numpy
dev-python/mpmath           -gmp
dev-python/numpy            lapack
dev-python/gdmodule         png
media-libs/gd               jpeg png
media-gfx/tachyon           png
sci-libs/flint              ntl
sci-libs/linbox             sage
sci-mathematics/maxima      ecls
sci-mathematics/lcalc       pari
sci-mathematics/pari        data gmp
sys-libs/zlib               minizip
#dev-lang/R                  lapack
#sci-libs/linbox             ntl
#sci-mathematics/glpk        gmp
#sci-mathematics/pari        gmp
#sci-mathematics/polybori    gd
################################################
# Recomended flags for optional dependency jmol
################################################
sci-chemistry/jmol client-only

virtual/python-sqlite external
virtual/python-json external
